71022: Add info for rolling back any snapshot. (#660)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

:literal:`-clone` is added to the name of a snapshot when a clone is
created.

**Rollback:** Clicking
|ui-options| :menuselection:`--> Rollback`
asks for confirmation before rolling back to this snapshot state.
Click :guilabel:`YES` to revert files

> back to their state at the time of the chosen snapshot.

Reviewer: This should be less imperative, because it's a choice the user is making.  Tell them what it does, not that they should do it:
"Clicking :guilabel:`Yes` causes all files in the dataset to revert to the state they were in when the snapshot was created."

:literal:`-clone` is added to the name of a snapshot when a clone is
created.

**Rollback:** Clicking
|ui-options| :menuselection:`--> Rollback`
asks for confirmation before rolling back to this snapshot state.

> Confirming by clicking :guilabel:`YES` causes any files that have

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`YES` to revert files
```

> changed since the snapshot was taken to be reverted back to their state

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
back to their state at the time of the chosen snapshot.
```

> at the time of the snapshot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
